1. What is Semantic HTML? 
It reinforces the meaning of the information in the webpage and web appliction.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
It creates electronic documents that are displayed on the internet.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
they are modifiers. In a place to modify an element.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
It is to acknowledge a heading on a webpage. You should only have one.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
font and background
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
 The Metadata.
    7. What is an id? 
it specifies a unique attribute to the HTML
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
All HTML elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
You can only have one. 
    10. What is a class? 
specifies on or more classnames for an element .
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
All HTML elements 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
Only once  
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
anchor tags
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
 It offers an alternative for if the image can't be shown.
    15. How do I reference an id?
."id name"
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
section divides areas in the document ex. header and chapers. Div sections off parts in a section. 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
Help enhance the HTML on a webpage
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
.h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
id is used to identify one element and a class is used to identify more then one.  ID: #boo{} Class: .hoo{}
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
."class name"
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
the are the elements within the main element.It is used to match all elements under a parent element. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
:link
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
it defines a special state of an element. 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform: upercase; text-transform: lowercase; text-transform: capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div{border: 1px;
      border-style: dotted;
      border-color: black;} 
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
ls
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
git status
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm "file name". because when you do that it removes it FOREVER. 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
Helps keep track of changes. 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
As often as needed. 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin branch name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
You fork the assignment.
Add your TL as a collaborator
Open Git bash
Make your file
git clone into local file git clone <link to repo>
create a branch git checkout -b "firstname-lastname"
work on project git add .; git commit -m "description of changes made" everytime you finish a feature.
when you are finished push back to github git push origin <branch-name>
on Github repo, click compare and pull request button
click "base respository" dropdown select your project
click reviewers button and add TL
click create pull request



Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
Block starts on a new line and a inline does not start on a new line.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
 It doesn't exist in the normal document layout anymore, yet sits on its own layer away from the rest. 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
margin: auto;
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
div, header, section;  img,span,a;  select
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?
 set the perametters for each part so that they go together to equal a whole. 
